Adding Fall24 Meta-release information to CAMARA organization profile README.md (#3)
camaraproject/.github: profile/README.md

To engage in CAMARA subscribe to our [Mailing Lists](https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/all/subgroups), join the [Community Meetings](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/telcoapi?view=week) and 
[contribute here in GitHub](https://github.com/camaraproject/Governance/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) in the repositories with issues, reviews, pull requests or just your questions in the discussions. 

> ## First Meta-release of CAMARA APIs now available - Fall24 🚀

Reviewer: @hdamker Sorry, was stuck in a meeting.

> A CAMARA meta-release combines a set of CAMARA API versions into a consistent release. All API versions in the meta-release fulfill [defined quality criteria](https://github.com/camaraproject/ReleaseManagement/blob/main/documentation/API-Readiness-Checklist.md) and are compliant to the current CAMARA guidelines in [Commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities) and [Identity and Consent Management](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement). There will be two meta-releases per year (March and September).

Author: ```suggestion
A CAMARA meta-release combines a set of CAMARA API versions into a consistent release. All API versions in the meta-release fulfill [defined quality criteria](https://github.com/camaraproject/ReleaseManagement/blob/main/documentation/API-Readiness-Checklist.md) and are aligned with the current CAMARA guidelines in [Commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities) and [Identity and Consent Management](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement). There will be two meta-releases per year (March and September).
```

> A CAMARA meta-release combines a set of CAMARA API versions into a consistent release. All API versions in the meta-release fulfill [defined quality criteria](https://github.com/camaraproject/ReleaseManagement/blob/main/documentation/API-Readiness-Checklist.md) and are compliant to the current CAMARA guidelines in [Commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities) and [Identity and Consent Management](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement). There will be two meta-releases per year (September and March).

Author: I have chosen "aligned with". Done in https://github.com/camaraproject/.github/pull/3/commits/1b624a32eb41246efd1204ee5e4cfb774fcc2c9a

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>simple-edge-discovery</td>
            <td>1.0.0</td>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/SimpleEdgeDiscovery/releases/tag/r1.3">r1.3</a>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/SimpleEdgeDiscovery">SimpleEdgeDiscovery</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>sim-swap</td>
            <td>1.0.0</td>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/releases/tag/r1.2">r1.2</a>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/SimSwap">SimSwap</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan=9>Updated initial CAMARA APIs</td>
            <td>carrier-billing</td>
            <td>0.3.0</td>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/releases/tag/r1.2">r1.2</a>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut">CarrierBillingCheckOut</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>device-reachability-status</td>
            <td>0.6.0</td>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/releases/tag/r1.2">r1.2</a>

>             <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatusv">DeviceStatus</a></td>

Author: ```suggestion
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus">DeviceStatus</a></td>
```

            <td>connecitivity-insights-subscriptions</td>
            <td>0.4.0</td>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/ConnectivityInsights/releases/tag/r1.2">r1.2</a>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/ConnectivityInsights">ConnectivityInsights</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>device-reachability-status-subscriptions</td>
            <td>0.6.0</td>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/releases/tag/r1.2">r1.2</a>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus">DeviceStatus</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>device-roaming-status-subscriptions</td>
            <td>0.6.0</td>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/releases/tag/r1.2">r1.2</a>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus">DeviceStatus</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>geofencing-subscriptions</td>
            <td>0.3.0</td>
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/releases/tag/r1.2">r1.2</a>

>             <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation ">DeviceLocation </a></td>

Author: ```suggestion
            <td><a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation ">DeviceLocation</a></td>
```
